As president, I call this meeting to order.
First piece of business...
- So I'm a piece of business, huh?
- [chuckles]
[Indistinct conversations]
Aren't you worried someone's gonna walk in?
People are just getting to school,
which leaves us plenty of time
for extracurricular activities.
- Yes, sir, Mr. President.
- [chuckles]
[both breathing heavily]
[Tristan gasps]
What?
It's nothing. [chuckles]
Now, where were we?
Uh, you know, on, um, second thought,
I am actually worried
someone's gonna walk in.
- Really?
- Very worried. Um...
- And I have, uh... uh, stuff to do.
- _
Just... president stuff.
Boo. Well, DM me later and
we'll pick up where we left off.
[sighs]
Can't wait. [chuckles]
[door opens]
"911-eggplant-flame"?
You needed me to rush here for baked ziti?
I am in a crisis here,
and you're making jokes?
Whoa, relax.
What's wrong? Where's the fire?
[breath trembling]
[theme music playing]
♪ Whatever it takes I know
I can make it through ♪
♪ And if I hold out I know
♪ Be the best, be the best
The best that I can be ♪
♪ Whatever it takes ♪
♪ I know I can make it I
know I can make it through ♪
Synced and corrected by Chitorafa
www.addic7ed.com
[student on PA] Hey, Panthers.
Show your Degrassi pride by...
Next piece of business is the
Feminist Club assembly tomorrow.
We'll start with speeches and
then, Maya, you'll play your song.
Good to go.
- And the roleplay skits...
- [cell phone chimes]
Where I play "man catcalling
women on the street."
Wow. You've got those
bad guy roles on lock.
[Goldi] As we know,
Principal Simpson asked us
to speak to the grade nines
and tens about consent.
Maya...
More messages, Maya?
"People only like Matlin's
whiny feminist song
because she's blonde. Hashtag, not okay."
- What a tool.
- I've been getting garbage like this
ever since "Not Okay" went online.
They've been getting grosser
since last week in New York.
Whatever. Haters gonna
hate. [inhales sharply]
What can I do?
I just can't stand the idea of
someone hurting you like this.
[Maya] It's fine.
I know you have my back.
Um, is this gonna distract
you from the assembly tomorrow?
- Is it too much?
- No, of course not.
- [cell phone chimes]
- [Goldi groans]
"Maya Mattress only wrote that lousy
song because she's crazy bipolar."
Are you sure everything's okay?
- What? That's so not true.
- It doesn't matter.
Those nards will say any
vile thing to shut you up.
"This dumb girl's song is not okay,
but I'd still rape her anyway."
Oh, my God, that's so awful.
[indistinct chatter]
[cell phones chiming]
Um...
don't worry, I'll be
ready for the assembly,
but, first, I've gotta put a stop to this.
[sighs deeply]
Come on, chemistry textbook.
[Winston] It's up top.
- Hey. Long time no see.
- Yeah, for sure.
Um, I wanted to ask how you've been
since we talked a few weeks back.
I know all this Miles
stuff might be kinda rough.
You know... it is.
I'm just glad he's finally in
counseling. Thank you for checking.
[chuckles] Yeah, so, um...
I'm on my way to English.
Maybe I'll see you later?
Yeah, I hope so.
[both] Ooh!
Frankston: The Sequel,
was only a matter of time.
We were just talking. NBD.
Uh, the biggest D.
Whatever. You guys can be
me and Tiny's couple friends.
You'd be a billion times
better than Zig and Maya.
If I get dragged to
another skeezy rock show...
Maybe, but there's no way
Winston would ever be into it.
Except the English class
he was "on his way to"
is on the opposite side of the school.
Mmm, Frankston...
Symptoms. Does it hurt when you tinkle?
[quietly] Yes. Indoor voice, please.
Tris, unclench. It's all in the vault.
Besides, I'm sure you're fine.
Well, I'll be finer if I
don't have testicular cancer.
You don't have testicular cancer.
Oh, God. I'll lose all my hair.
[sighs]
Do you think I could pull off bald?
You're overreacting.
Says the girl who made out
with Zig to get back at Grace.
Okay, can we please not talk about that?
- Are you okay?
- Physically, yes...
which is more than I can say for you.
Uh, have you had any pain
in your "family jewels"?
- Yes, for, like, two days.
- Okay, last question.
Easy one.
There's nothing leaking out of your...
- Tristan!
- Just this morning.
[exhales]
Okay, good news.
You don't have testicular cancer.
According to Dr. Google,
it sounds like chlamydia.
How is that good news?
I haven't had sex and I have an STI?
Oh, my God, I'm gonna
have to change schools.
No, change cities.
Look, we've all done things
we wish we could take back,
but chlamydia's actually pretty treatable.
Do you have any idea where
you could've gotten it?
Yeah...
I have a pretty good idea.
[exhales deeply]
[sighs]
Damn it.
Hey, do you have a phone
charger? I'm almost dead.
Did you spend all morning arguing
with those brutal trolls online?
I tried reporting the accounts.
They always just make new ones.
- [cell phone beeps]
- I mean, what?
Am I just supposed to
ignore this crap? [sighs]
Some loser called "Real Man MRA" says,
"Maya's a fake feminist
C-word who's hooked up
with every guy at her
school. I should know."
Who says that?
Just remember what people
say about feeding the trolls.
- Don't.
- I know, I know. But...
I've just had such a rough week
and it doesn't help that Zig's
been acting sorta sketchy.
[sighs] Yeah. About that.
Um, there's something I should tell you...
There's no way you're getting
away with saying that, perv.
Never mind, I'll tell you later.
Hey, um, I thought we were
gonna work on the assembly?
- Can you unplug?
- I can't, Grace.
I mean, who's gonna take me seriously
when I'm talking about feminism
if I just absorb all this abuse?
[Grace] Maya...
you have to see this. They doxxed you.
- Do you English?
- This is serious.
They posted all of your
personal information online.
- Your address, your phone number...
- Wait, what?
You mean some psycho could
just come to my house?
No, that's crazy. Please
tell me that's crazy, Grace.
Probably, but I don't know.
[cell phone vibrating]
"Gonna roll up to 445 Maple Street,
give it to Maya right in her bedroom."
Grace, I've gotta get some help.
[bell ringing]
We need to talk.
Tristan, I really don't
feel up to this right now.
[grunts] Okay, I am basically
100% headache right now,
- so thank you for that.
- That's a shame,
but I want an explanation
for what you did to me.
Whatever happened between
us is in the past, okay?
I have after-school counseling to get to.
- You gave me chlamydia.
- [scoffs]
That's exactly what I need,
attitude from patient zero.
I'm sorry you got chlamydia,
but you didn't get it from me.
Stop lying! It's not like I'm
not used to you always hurting me.
Tristan, I've had a billion
medical tests recently.
I know for a fact that I
never gave you anything.
But... [sighs] If you didn't, then who did?
[muttering] Have fun figuring that out.
[sighs]
Okay, uh... what did you
get for question five?
Uh, I got, "You and Winston and me and Tiny
all go do couples yoga".
[sighs] You're hesitant. Understandable.
I've got the perfect Frankie solution.
- A pro/con list.
- What, like, about Winston?
Already up.
Pro. Mixed babies are gorgeous.
Pro...
he's a great kisser.
Still mentally suppressing
how you found that out.
[scoffs]
Uh, pro, I know he'd never hurt me.
Pro...
you were way happier
when you were with him.
You're right.
I did feel happier when we were together.
Hey, can I get the new Wi-Fi password?
Winston! [chuckles nervously]
What are you doing here?
I mean, it's nice to see you, but, why?
Well, I was just waiting for
Miles to be done counseling.
Um, am I interrupting?
Yeah, uh, we were just...
We were talking about...
Uh, about cramps.
Yes, those.
- [chuckles uneasily] Oh, yikes. Sorry.
- [TV beeps]
I should, um, leave you
ladies to all of... that.
Uh, later.
Do you think he saw the list?
- I couldn't tell.
- [sighs]
Con, I ruined everything.
Again.
Well, first off, it's great that
you saved all these harassing posts.
See, right there, where
the rape threats begin?
This must be just awful for you.
Do you have any idea who
has been harassing you?
No, that's... that's the point.
That's why you need to find
these jerks and arrest them.
To be realistic, none of these posts
have any identifying information.
If they blocked their IPs using a VPN,
we're not exactly equipped
to track them down.
But you're not gonna give up, right?
We'll do everything that we can.
We're hoping you might
be able to post an officer
- to guard our house.
- Yeah, like, tonight.
If we're to post an officer
at the home of every woman
that gets threatening messages online,
we'd have no one left
to patrol the streets.
[Mrs. Matlin scoffs]
Look, the truth is
that in cases of harassment like this,
actual violence is extremely rare.
But it has happened.
Have you considered shutting
down your online accounts?
[Mrs. Matlin scoffs]
I... It's just, I live online.
All my music stuff is online.
Well, my advice is to
keep saving posts like this
so that we can build a case
if they ever do something.
Something like what?
In the meantime, just try to
go about your day-to-day life.
Okay, I'm gonna look into this,
but I'm afraid that's all I can do for now.
Come on, honey. Let's just go home.
[Mrs. Matlin sighs]
[Tristan] Okay, then there
was Vijay, and then Luke.
- Uh-huh.
- Then other Luke.
And then there was that guy with the abs
who I want to say was on the swim team.
Tris, that's five guys this term.
Hell of a body count.
Hello? This office is a safe
space. Are you shaming me?
I'm not not shaming you.
What if I never find the
dirtbag that chlamydiated me?
That's the thing, though.
This isn't just a list of suspects.
This is also a list of potential victims.
So you're saying that, depending
on when I acquired this gift,
I could've given it to any of these guys?
And until you tell them,
it could spread further.
Excuse? Are you seriously
suggesting five different,
"Hi, I might have given you
chlamydia" conversations?
Hard pass.
Look, maybe being president
got the better of you.
But the presidential
thing to do is be honest.
And let it get out to the school?
[scoffs] It'll be a political sex scandal.
I'll be impeached.
Oh, no...
I'm a Clinton.
See, this is why life's better when
you never hook up with anyone, ever.
This is so unfair.
I mean, I just figured
out how to talk to guys,
like, five minutes ago,
and it's all ruined.
Unless I just... don't tell anyone.
How's that working out, keeping
your horrible secret from Maya?
Is it eating you up inside?
The stress will kill me, won't it? [sighs]
Maybe there's a plan B.
[Tristan] "Notifyyourpartners.com"?
It's a website that sends anonymous
"you might have an STI" email
to past partners.
Perfect. [chuckles softly]
For once, anonymous mass
emails to the rescue.
- [chuckles]
- Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
Um, well, if we're looking
at this right triangle,
we can create an equation
to solve for the area,
- which would be A=Â½(ah)
- [cell phone vibrates]
...and then, because this doesn't
really give us much information,
we can take a look at the diagram again,
and using the second right triangle,
- we can use sine C...
- _
_
[sighs]
Dude.
[chuckles] Oh, yeah.
Hey.
_
[stammering]
[Goldi] You're going to die.
What?
Um, I... I said, "Solving for sine."
Are you okay, Maya?
- [sighs]
- [Goldi] As I was saying, um...
- [cell phone vibrates]
- ...we're solving for sine,
so we're gonna have to do
B sine C...
- equals H...
- _
[gasps]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey.
Sorry for kicking you
out so abruptly yesterday.
No big. I was just there
to hang with Miles, anyways.
[chuckling] Okay, then, uh, later.
Though it is always nice to
know that I'm a good kisser.
[sighs] Lola.
And to be honest, I've been
kinda making a list of my own.
Oh?
Oh.
Then it only seems fair
I should get to see it.
Yeah? Okay.
"Frankie has beautiful hair.
Frankie's always super nice.
Frankie's always so cheerful."
- Winston...
- You don't have to say anything.
I feel the same way.
Well, I'll see you later.
[sighs]
Okay, um, next order of
business, the feminist assembly.
Is everything good on your end, Goldi?
Uh, yes. Um, it's being handled.
Okay, great. Um...
What STI did you give me, Tristan?
How could you do this to me?
What are you talking about?
This anonymous email you sent me.
[student scoffs]
[chuckles] How do you even
know that message came from me?
Tristan... you're the only
guy I ever did anything with.
Please, just tell me how bad it is.
- Am I gonna die?
- Okay, Vijay, just...
calm down.
It's just chlamydia.
[students snickering]
You didn't have to ditch
school just because I did.
Hey... of course I did.
You know I'd do anything for you, right?
This is just so unfair, Zig.
I know.
I mean, I know that the
threats are probably fake,
but there's just so many.
And nowhere feels safe anymore.
I write one song to stand up for myself
and now I just feel so... wrecked.
And then I get mad at myself
for how wrecked I feel.
I wish I could just get my
hands on one of these losers.
I mean, is it my fault? Did
I ignore it for too long,
- or get too angry?
- Hey.
You didn't do anything wrong.
I know.
I'm just so upset I have
to miss the assembly.
I mean, Goldi and I put
a lot of work into it.
Well, maybe you don't have to.
Do you have Goldi's number?
Yeah, sure, but why?
Well... if she signs
out some AV equipment...
maybe we can livestream you from here.
And then I could speak at the
assembly without having to leave home.
What if it makes it worse?
Well, it's not a perfect
solution... and it's still not fair.
But it's definitely not staying quiet.
You don't even know how
much you're the best.
[sighs]
Awesome.
- Let's get to work.
- Okay.
He had a whole list of his own.
So he wants to get back together.
What's wrong? Was his list weird?
No. It was just stuff like,
"She's nice and she has nice hair."
He said you have nice hair?
That's, like, the best
compliment someone could get.
Yeah, I'm confused.
You didn't, like, kiss him?
It's like...
the last time Winston and I kissed,
he tasted like peanut butter.
Okay, I know I've never kissed a boy,
but am I missing something?
No, it's that, ever since then,
every time I taste peanut butter,
I remember the last time
Winston and I kissed.
When I kiss Tiny, he sometimes
tastes like breath mints.
It's hot. [chuckles]
Anyway... "Something,
something, peanut butter"?
So I remember the last time we kissed,
and then I remember how badly things ended.
And now I just keep thinking...
do I even like peanut butter?
[Goldi] Good afternoon.
Welcome nines and tens, to
today's Feminist Club assembly.
Great, time to be bored for the next hour.
And don't worry.
Peanut butter makes everything better.
Unless you go into anaphylactic shock.
[Goldi] Later on, we're
going to be speaking
to the co-president of the
Feminist Club, Maya Matlin,
live via webcam from her home.
Also, she will be playing a
song, which should be cool.
[student on PA] Science Fiction
Club is on the brink of a major
time travel discovery.
Be there to celebrate
something out of this world.
Hey, President Milligan,
been out polling the electorate lately?
[chuckles]
I said I'd get revenge,
but you made it too easy.
[sighs deeply]
I have last period free,
and you are the only thing
standing between me and home. Be gone.
Have you seen the doctor yet?
Because I'm basically a leper now?
Very droll. Excuse me.
I'm genuinely asking.
You shouldn't let these
things slide for too long.
You're being nice to me?
I just...
I understand what it's like to mess up.
Like, big time understand.
I went to the doctor at lunch.
And... [inhales]
I have zero chlamydia
and one urinary tract infection.
[stammers] I'm sorry.
- [chuckles]
- So for now, I'm thinking
way more protection
and way less online diagnosis.
I have a... free period, too.
You wanna, uh, grab a drink?
Maybe a large cranberry juice?
Well, that is literally
what the doctor ordered.
[both chuckle]
[electric guitar playing]
[Maya] ♪ No way ♪
♪ You say I gotta chill
Well, guess what? ♪
♪ Just take care of yourself
'Cause you're messed up ♪
♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey, I said no way ♪
♪ You say I gotta
chill That's not cool ♪
♪ Just take care of
yourself I'm no fool ♪
♪ Hey, this is not okay ♪
♪ Hey, hey, I said no way ♪
♪ You say I gotta chill
Well, guess what? ♪
♪ Just take care of yourself
'Cause you're messed up ♪
- [students cheering]
- Thank you.
[student] That's great!
When I wrote that song, I didn't
even call myself a feminist yet.
But I had seen first-hand how
women are treated differently.
For me, it was just small stuff,
like catcalls at shows... but...
the harassment I've gotten lately...
it all comes from the same thing.
It's people saying,
"I'm allowed to do this to
her because she's just a girl."
[Maya sighs]
Words like "slut" and "rape..."
they matter.
They make us feel
devalued and threatened.
They choose words that inflict pain,
and then they tell us it's our
fault for getting upset about it.
These words are meant
to silence us but...
- [banging on door]
- [man] Maya Matlin?
[Maya] Yes?
Down on the ground! Face down!
Do it now! Face on the ground!
- Do it now!
- [officer 1] Hey, get down!
[officer 2] Put your
hands behind your back!
- Why are you doing this?
- [officer 2] Hands on your back!
- Hands on your back!
- [indistinct chattering]
[officer 3] Bedroom's
clear. Face down!
- [officer 5] Clear!
- [officer 6] Clear! Clear!
- [siren wailing]
- [police radio static]
[woman on radio] This is dispatch.
Stand down. It's a prank call.
Copy that. Dispatch says it's
nothing but a stupid prank.
Weapons down.
- [officer 7] Let's go.
- I got you. I got you.
Are you two okay?
What the hell was that?
911 received a call from someone
claiming to be Maya Matlin.
What? I don't understand.
Caller claimed they had shot someone
and they were holding hostages,
- which is why my team was dispatched.
- [Zig] I've heard about this.
They... they call it "swatting."
Yeah, some prank.
Not only is it wasteful,
but it's extremely dangerous.
This must've been terrifying
for you two. I'm really sorry.
I'll post a patrol car outside
for your safety tonight.
You have my word, we'll
find out who did this.
Whatever. Just so happy
they're far, far away from here.
[Zig exhales deeply]
Yeah, some jerks way out in
Wisconsin or wherever, right?
- Actually...
- [Maya] What?
Dispatch traced the call.
It came from a disposable
phone here in Toronto.
- Eight months. Yeah.
- [boy] Yeah.
[sighs]
- [Winston] Yeah. Love those.
Funny. No matter where I go, there you are.
Oh, great.
Do you just, like, stalk me
so you can dispense elderly
"I got held back a grade" wisdom?
Do you kiss your trust
fund with that mouth?
The last thing I need right now
is some super-predictable lecture
about how I'm not being
honest with myself or whatever.
Hmm. You're right, you should
probably go talk to your besties.
I'm sure they give much better advice.
Synced and corrected by Chitorafa
www.addic7ed.com
[upbeat music playing]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org